Do you work with databases but want to use the power of dplyr with functions like mutate and the pipe?
Look no further than dbplyr, the database backend for dplyr.
dbplyr is designed to work with database tables as if they were local data frames,
and it automatically converts dplyr code to SQL.
For example, let's load our packages, next connect to the database,
then run our query using just dplyr code.
Notice that there is the pipe, groupby, arrange, summarize.
But if you were to run the showQuery function,
you'll actually see the SQL that is running in the backend,
so you don't have to leave the comfort of R.
And if you prefer Python, Ibis has similar functionality.
It can also run on top of SQL backends,
and kind of looks a little bit like dplyr.
What tool are you interested in learning about next?
Let us know in the comments.